detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a neo-noir film called sin city
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the city of basin
washington is a cruel and wretched place
home to a collection of corrupt and
tragic stories
prologue the customers always write a
woman stands alone on a building rooftop
with a somber look
just then the salesman dressed in a
tuxedo comes by and flirts with her
the woman is immediately captivated by
him and they even share a kiss
unbeknownst to her the salesman is an
efficient assassin for hire and she is
his latest customer
they share an embrace before he shoots
her once with a silencer he says he will
never know what she was running from but
he will cash her check in the morning
part one that yellow bastard a lone
police detective drives down the road as
he mulls over the events to come
down to his last day on the job while
packing a heart condition in his old age
detective hardigan pushes himself to do
one last thing a sick and twisted killer
is out
reveling in his demented hunt his fourth
and latest victim is an 11 year old girl
named nancy callahan
hardigan stops the car to meet with his
partner bob he dissuaded from going
after the child assaulter and serial
killer rorke jr
he is after all the son of the most
powerful and corrupt man in the city
if anything happened to his son senator
rourke would have heard again and bob
killed
bob says he'll call for backup but
hardigan plans to go in the abandoned
warehouse himself
hardigan makes his move and creeps
behind a corner to see schlub and klump
rorke jr's goons
while hardigan manages to knock them
both out he starts experiencing hard
pain which has him lying on the floor
still he pulls himself up and tells
himself to prove that he's still worth
something
hardigan enters the warehouse where
rorke jr and several henchmen hold nancy
captive
once he's inside the room he shoots down
the henchmen first
rourke jr fires a shot but he only
manages a flesh wound
rorke jr tries to escape with nancy in
his arms but winds up on the pier with
nowhere to run
hardigan shoots his ear off leaving him
to the ground and nancy moves to the
side of the pier
he blows junior's arm off then his groin
so he could never force himself on
anyone again
just as things seem all clear cardigan
is shot several times in the back by his
own partner bob
bob shot hardigan to gain senator
rorke's favor and keep himself safe
thinking that he would be dead hardigan
slumps down on the pier but he takes
comfort in knowing that he was able to
save a young girl
hartigan then wakes to find himself in a
hospital bed several visitors come by
among them was his wife eileen who plans
to divorce him and senator rourke who
paid for all his medical bills
intending to keep hardigan alive to
suffer a life of pain hardigan finds out
that he's been framed for violating
nancy
and now the whole world is against him
still he keeps his mouth shut to protect
nancy
nancy comes by and tells hardigan no one
believes her even though she says he
saved her
hardigan then tells her to go along with
it for her own safety nancy promises
that she'll write to him every week
under the name cordelia
eight years pass hardigan is convicted
and the only thing keeping him going is
nancy's letters
hardigan still hasn't confessed to his
charges but senator rourke wants to take
that away from him too
one day nancy's letter stopped for two
months until finally he receives an
envelope containing a separate human
finger
hardigan goes on a rage and screams in
his cell and that's when everything goes
black for him
the next thing he knows a disfigured man
with yellow skin sits in his jail cell
while carrying with him an imposingly
horrid stench
the yellow man hits him and he's knocked
out cold the following day
hardigan calls his attorney lucille and
confesses with this he gets his parole
then his freedom from prison
now free hardigan goes to look for nancy
to see if she's safe
after tracking her down to a bar called
katie's he goes there and is surprised
to find that the woman dancing in the
center stage was nancy
hartigan realizes that he was tricked
the cut-off finger was just a bluff
and now he's lead the work goons to
nancy from behind him he sees the yellow
man watching his movements
hardigan tries to leave before nancy
realizes who he is but it was too late
when nancy sees hardigan she runs up
embraces him and kisses him
now the yellow man knows what nancy
looks like hardigan tells nancy he's
made a mistake and they have to leave
immediately
the two of them get to nancy's car and
they bolt on through the highway
eventually the yellow man catches up to
them and begins to shoot at their car
a violent pursuit ensues as the yellow
man continues to pelt their car with
bullets in a relentless and uncontrolled
fashion
hardigan keeps his composure and fires
off one shot that hits straight through
the yellow man's neck
his car crashes so hardigan and nancy
step out to confirm the kill
a few paces away from their vehicle
hardigan spots a trail of blood
but no body the two of them then head on
to a motel to rest
on the way there hardigan remains
haunted by the yellow man stanch
the two of them sit next to each other
on the couch in silence finally nancy
tells hartigan that she's held feelings
of love for him all these years and
nancy tries to kiss heart again
after much hesitation hartigan kisses
nancy back but he stops himself after a
while
saying she's just a child and that it
would be wrong just then the yellow man
appears inside the room
he had snuck inside their car on their
way there when they were out looking for
his body
he takes hardigan out and the next thing
he knows he's hung up on a rope with a
small table to keep him aloft
the yellow man holds nancy menacingly
and relishes his victory in front of
hartigan
he reveals himself to be rorke jr now
horribly disfigured because of the
severe injuries that hardigan caused
furious and hungry for vengeance junior
intends to kill hartigan and have his
way with nancy using the new artificial
replacements his father had done on his
groin area
hardigan pleads to nancy that no matter
what rorke jr does to her she mustn't
scream
junior kicks down the small table that
kept hardigan suspended leaving him to
choke while he and nancy leave in her
car
though he's on the brink of giving up
hardigan pushes himself one last time to
save nancy
he smashes the windows open and takes a
broken piece of glass to cut himself
loose
moments later schlub and klump at her
hardigan's room expecting to pick up a
dead body
hardigan takes them by surprise and
knocks them out but not before getting
them to tell him where nancy and junior
are
hardigan sees his schlub and klumps car
and takes their guns before heading to
nancy's location
when he gets there he stealthily uses a
knife to take out the henchmen
meanwhile at the upper deck of the
building junior uses a whip to make
nancy scream
but just as hardigan advised her she
kept quiet the whole time
she then makes fun of junior for being
unable to get aroused without hearing a
scream from his victims
just then hardigan shows up with a
pistol in his hand junior taunts him
saying he probably can't even lift his
arm and as if to prove his point
hardigan falls over in pain from his
heart condition
junior laughs and pushes nancy away to
get a better position to stab hardigan
but just as he's about to bring down his
knife on him hardigan looks up and
plunges his knife into junior's stomach
hardign's trick pays off as he beat
junior into the ground brutally ripping
his groin before finally pummeling his
skull into wet meat
when hardigan and nancy step outside he
says goodbye to nancy and tells her he
intends to clear his name and go for
senator rourke
nancy leaves in her car and hartigan
decides that she would be safer if he
were dead
without him to mess with rorke will no
longer have any use for nancy
hartigan then takes his gun and shoots
himself in the head
part 2 the heart goodbye after a
one-night stand with a beautiful woman
named goldie
marvis horrified to find her dead the
following morning he realizes that
whoever killed her did it quietly as she
died right there beside him
a few moments later marv hears police
sirens outside the motel room
it doesn't take him long to realize that
the killer is trying to set him up for
the murder
the police now at the front of his door
demand him to come out marv springs into
action as he busts down the door with
the two cops flying through the hallway
marv being a hulking powerhouse of a man
completely overwhelms the heavily armed
platoon of cops
he dives down the building and leaps out
a speeding police car aims to run him
down
but mark pulls out a drop kick right
into the front window and beats the two
policemen sitting in the front seat
marv takes the car and drives away later
he visits his parole officer lucille to
receive some medicine for his mental
condition
he then goes to his mother's house to
retrieve gladys his most prized handgun
marv leaves and for the following days
he goes out on a rampage in pursuit of
the truth
his trail of blood and bodies eventually
ends at a church with a corrupt priest
the priest reveals that the man behind
it all is cardinal rourke brother to
senator rourke
furthermore the priest gives up the
location of their hideout which is the
farm
he shoots the corrupt priest and gets to
his car just then a woman who looked
identical to goldie drives by and runs
him over several times before trying to
shoot him
the woman drives off leaving marv
rattled at the farm marv is sneaking
about to get a better look at the area
when suddenly
a wolf appears and growls at him
refusing to kill an animal marv tries to
calm the wolf down but it attacks him so
marv knocks it out cold
at that moment a strange man with
gleaming eyeglasses appears from within
the farm to attack marv
quick and quiet he uses his sharp claws
to take out marv's vision then
overwhelms him with his swift movements
after noting his elusive actions marv
realizes that this was goldie's killer
the strange man then picks up a mallet
and hits marv in the head knocking him
out marv wakes up to find himself in a
confined room with several women's heads
mounted on the wall like hunting
trophies
in the corner of the room he finds
lucille naked left with just one hand
a traumatized lucille tells marv that
the strange man eats the women's bodies
she howls in terror as she recalls the
man eating her hand right in front of
her
moments later marv hangs onto the small
window belt with iron bars on the top of
the room
a car drives by and calls for the
strange man by the name of kevin
marv britishly pulls out the entire iron
window right out of the wall the two
exit the room and make their way to the
forest
several cops descend from a helicopter
and as marv gets ready for a fight
lucille knocks him out with a rock
thinking that speaking with the police
would be a good idea
lucille walks up to the policeman and
tries to reason with them not realizing
they're all corrupt
the tattooed policeman shoots lucille
dead several times with a submachine gun
by the time marv gets back up his feet
he sees lucille's corpse
this fuels him to kill every policeman
with a hand axe with lucille and goldie
dead
marf sets out to kill cardinal rourke
mart visits old town after having
received information
from lucille beforehand that goldie was
a hooker and if she were a hooker then
that would mean she has connections in
old town
it's not long until he encounters the
woman who looked exactly like goldie
the woman greets him with a nice shot to
the head when marv wakes up he is tied
to a chair while surrounded by the women
of old town
including gail and becky wendy the
goldie look alike hits marv several
times
finally she tells marv that she's
goldie's twin sister and she wants him
dead for killing her
marv immediately clears things up with
her and when wendy realizes that he's
telling the truth
she opts out of shooting him together
marv and wendy decide to go after
goldie's killer
marv returns to the farm with wendy but
he insists on doing this alone
making wendy leave mark then proceeds to
set up traps to catch kevin he throws a
molotov right into the building where
kevin was
before it could explode kevin jumps out
the window and runs straight into the
forest to find marv
kevin leaps over the steel wire that
marv set up remaining unrelenting in his
pursuit
marv lets kevin dish out his claws and
takes the damage and when he was close
enough
marv uses a handcuff to trap kevin with
one cuff attached to kevin and the other
to himself he knocks kevin out cold
wendy then appears and points a gun at
kevin she says she has to be the one to
do him in since he killed her sister
despite her sentiment marv knocks her
unconscious and leaves her in the car
he wants to torture kevin and make him
suffer before he dies after a while
it's revealed that marv had cut off
kevin's arms and legs leaving him for
his pet wolf
but the thing that bothers marv was that
kevin stayed silent even smiling the
entire time he was being tortured
finally when the wolf has had its fill
marr finishes kevin off and cuts his
head
marf takes wendy to nancy to keep her
safe nancy is a good friend of marv ever
since he helped keep her safe from some
goons before
he then leaves for cardinal rorke's
place where he's more than able to kill
his way into the cardinals room
there he confronts him about goldie's
death the cardinal admits to it and
reveals that he ate kevin's victims with
him to consume their souls
marv kills him but the cops arrived to
shoot marv enough times to hospitalize
him
after several months of living through
tubes in the hospital marv is assaulted
by several corrupt policemen beating him
up to get a confession
they intend to incriminate him for the
death of the cardinal and frame him for
kevin's victims
marv resists up until they threaten to
hurt his mother stuck between a rock and
a hard place
marv begrudgingly confesses and gets
sentenced to death row before his death
sentence when he visits him
mark mistakenly calls her goldie and
corrects himself but wendy tells him
that he can call her goldie
the two of them lie down and marv enjoys
one last moment of joy
marv is then strapped to an electric
chair to be slain being the ridiculously
resilient beast of a man that marv is
the executioner has to give two full
electric charges before marv could
finally be killed
his last thoughts go out to goldie and
the night that they shared
part three the big fat kill shelley a
bar made from katie's
is being harassed by her abusive
ex-boyfriend jackie along with his group
of thugs
jackie demands that shelley open the
door to let him in inside the room
dwight mccarthy stands next to shelly
telling her to open the door so he could
get rid of them
she eventually lets jackie and his goons
in the room while dwight hides in the
bathroom
jackie notices that shelly is wearing a
man's shirt so he hits shelley
making her fall jackie then goes to use
the bathroom
unbeknownst to him dwight's hiding from
behind the shower curtain just as he
finishes peeing
dwight stands behind him with a knife to
his throat warning him never to approach
shelly again
he adds that jackie made a big mistake
by forgetting to flush the toilet since
dwight would then push his head in the
toilet bowl drowning him in his own
urine
jackie passes out for a moment and when
he gains consciousness he searches the
room for dwight but he's already gone
jackie then leaves with his gang of
thugs shelley looks down from her
apartment building to see jackie leaving
in his car with his boys
from the window ledge dwight stands
right next to where shelley was watching
he tells her that jackie is a menace and
has to be stopped just as he is jumping
off the building
shelley shouts something to him but he
barely hears it dwight then rushes to
his car and pursues jackie and his
friends
suddenly a police car appears from
behind dwight and he starts feeling
nervous
he mulls over whether he should bribe
the cop or not but before he could
decide
the police move past him and follow
jackie's car jackie and his friends are
alarmed by the cops
so jackie who's on the wheel decides to
move straight into old town
as they enter old town territory the
police car immediately turns back
the women in old town and the police
have an unwritten agreement not to mess
with each other considering it's more
beneficial for both parties
jackie immediately gets in trouble in
old town when he spots becky a young
streetwalker walking home from her day
shift
becky rejects jackie saying she's
already tired and that she wants to go
home
still jackie remains insistent and
begins to behave really towards her
dwight follows by closely then takes out
his gun but just as he was about to move
closer
he is stopped by gail his ex-lover and
old town's authority
gail tells him everything is under
control and that she and the women of
old town have been watching jackie ever
since they entered
it's then revealed that there are women
on top of the rooftops with weapons in
their hands
one of them is miho an asian woman
skilled in martial arts and dual sword
wielding
eventually jackie finally goes too far
when he pulls out a gun on becky
prompting miho to assassinate all four
of jackie's friends swiftly
finally miho moves in on jackie taunting
him dwight intervenes and tells jackie
to give up since he has no chance
mijo shoots a dart into jackie's gun's
barrel while dwight was talking to him
refusing to listen to him jackie decides
to shoot his gun and the barrel fires
back straight into his forehead
with jackie dizzy and dying he sits down
as mijo takes the killing blow
dwight and the women of old town then
start to clean up the corpses among the
items that they retrieved from the
bodies was a police badge
from that they discovered that jackie
was a policeman this is a big issue
because if the cops learn that jackie
died
their truce with the prostitutes will
end and the mob would be free to wage
war
on old town this is when dwight
volunteers to take the bodies to the tar
pits to stop the impending consequences
gail argues against dwight's plan at
first but she soon lets him
before heading to the tar pits becky
tells gayle she'll be heading home
gail advises her not to call her mother
since it would be risky to do so in
their situation
later on becky makes the call anyway
dwight then heads out to the tar pits to
dump the bodies
but suddenly a group of mercenaries
hired by mob boss wallenquist shoots him
in the chest
at the same time gail gets abducted by
wallenquist and gets taken to their base
back at the tar pits dwight manages to
survive the gunshot since he had
jackie's police badge in his chest
pocket
dwight then quickly shoots down the
mercenaries but a grenade is tossed from
behind him
this sends him and then the car falling
straight into the pits when dwight
awakens he finds
himself already half sunk in the tar pit
in front of him are two mercenaries
taking jackie's severed head as proof to
break the cop's truce with old town
dwight knows he couldn't get out of the
pits so he resigns himself to death
but just as he's about to pass out niho
comes in and pulls him out of the pit
together with the girls from old town
she tells him that gail has been taken
dwight and mijo then pursue the
mercenaries mijo takes out most of them
and dwight goes after the man with
jackie's head as he flees to the sewers
just as he is about to shoot him an
explosion blast dwight off his feet
the man comments that he mainly uses
explosions as his main weapon but before
he can make his move on dwight
miho steps in and kills him afterward
dwight hatch has a plan to get gail back
at the mob headquarters gail is furious
to discover that it was becky who
betrayed them
becky was offered money and freedom to
give up gayle in old town just then one
of wallenquist goons gets shot by an
arrow from the window
the arrow held a note that said old town
will trade gail for jackie's head out
back
dwight waits atop a platform with
jackie's severed head in his hand
he looks over his wall and quest and his
goons file up in the narrow alleyway he
chose as the battlefield
dwight then gives jackie's head to
wallonquist's man and he gets gail back
suddenly dwight pulls out a remote and
pushes the button jackie's head explodes
throwing off the mob
to their surprise the women of old town
appear from the rooftops and they all
rain down bullets over the group
all of them die except for becky who
managed to sneak her way out
dwight and gail share a kiss over their
victory on the battlefield
and for the following days becky checks
out of the hospital and talks on the
phone with her mother
she enters the elevator and sees the
salesman wearing a doctor's outfit
the salesman hands her a cigarette
calling her by name becky abruptly hangs
up her phone
and she immediately understands her fate
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching